---
title: 'Reincarnation'
tags: ['philosophy','productivity']
---

After watching plenty of isekai, I have come to realize that the MC in all of them is highly gifted and/or extremely hardworking. Maybe he does that because he doesn't have any choice but to do that to survive or maybe he had too many regrets in his previous life. The MC character spends his time improving, building connections & healthy friendships and achieving things with/without having a clear goal in mind.

What if I can behave like I have been reincarnated in this world like in all other isekai and decide to make the most of my life. I can have my stats to show for it. I already believe like I am burdened with glorious purpose amd/or I am destined to do great things. I also understand that life is all about what kind of problems you are solving.

Also as I have discussed earlier about [mana](../04/28.md), what would the life look like if I really act like the protagonist of an isekai. Currently more often than not I do not feel like the main character of my show & feel like my decisions are being made by someone else. This thought process might help me figure out what I really want to in life & what my glorious purpose is. Right now the things that drives me are my interest in tech, money, fitness, relationships, tv, occasional gaming & goofing around with friends ig. Though following the later 3 is not really helping me in any way and only makes me regret it.

Most people in future regret not working hard enough, not building good enough relationships & not maintaining health when they have grown old. Hardly any regret not watching enough tv series.

If I do go to the reincarnated route what changes would come to my life (living to eliminate regrets). We also need to understand that one can't have it all, so its always best to optimize. What we can do is for every action we take we can ask whether it helps us moving toward the greater goal.

There is also a productivity concept that tells you to do the work now so that your future self can thank you. Its a good concept if not overdone.

Maybe I can integrate these elements in my productivity app, can have an AI assistant as well.